here I want to show you a new feature in
zwk 2010 strong compare this function
enables you can easily find the
differences between children first I'm
going to make some modifications to this
drawing for example I want to replace
this table with a different one after
deleting it I'm now going to insert a
round table in its place like so I also
want to move this chair to the opposite
side of the room and I want to rotate it
that way it's facing the television
after I finish these modifications I'm
going to save the drawing under a new
name house update now i'm going to use
draw and compared to find the
differences between the two drawn under
the drop down menu express towards file
compare click browse to import both the
original and the updated drawing under
options i can select which color to
highlight the changes and then the
compare filter box I can set which
entity attributes I want to compare
after clicking the compare button I can
see the differences between the two
drones the drawings are open as read
only files and all of the differences
are marked with different colors using
the highlighting color as a reference
I'm able to find the changes i have made
to my original drawing quite easily
you